How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  

it helps you save a lot of time

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

  

saving the files of all their versions made


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    

pros: keep a more precise control of the modifications made
cons: none that recognize

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

because they think that in different commits you have better control


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    

I don't know


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    

knowing that I will not forget the parts that I am modifying


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    

how the versions part works

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

pros:keep a more precise control
cons:I really think that none

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

because github is more developer oriented


¿Cómo se pueden usar los comandos git log y git diff para ver el historial de archivos?
git log para ver los commits hecho es un archivo 
y con git diff ver la diferencias entre cada commit 


¿De qué manera el uso del control de versiones te hace más seguro para realizar cambios que podrían romper algo?
en que realmente puedes regresar a todas tus versiones viejas y darte cuenta de todo tu historial

Ahora que tiene configurado su espacio de trabajo, ¿qué quiere probar con Git?
quiero probar con un codigo